---
views:
    byline:
        region: main
        template: anax/v2/block/default
        sort: 2
        data:
            meta:
                type: single
                route: block/byline
---
Kmom01
=========================

This course is not what I expected it to be. To start of styling someone elses work is not an easy thing to do. Understanding the layout, how all the elements and classes fit together is a bit of a puzzle. The process reminded me of how I change the styling of a wordpress site... with a lot of searching.  But I realized now that one the develop tools they tell you which line the specific css code one is looking at it located, which makes things so much easier.  I don't really understand how I had missed that previously.

Markdown is a totally new system for me. I find that I don't really understand the purpose of combining several tools to generate the final html code. I feel that it complicates the process when one can just write the html code. But perhaps the reasoning behind will reveal itself later.

I don't really like the site as it is but hopefully we will be adding to it which will give me the opportunity to review my styling and make changes. But it satisfies the criteria, hopefully. So it is good to go.

As usual, what I struggled with most in this module was the tools. More specifically connecting and uploading files to GIT.  I followed the instructions in the course and video several times, deleting and starting over. Each time receiving some sort of message.  I finally went into the config file within the .git folder and manually put in the login credentials and location address which seemed to get everything working for me.
